I am NOT singing this.
What's not to like? You are a female
and you're a teenager.
This song was made for you.
Wow! It's like you can see inside my tiny teenage drine.
I know, right? You just got add some moves
and a little bit of...
♥︎ Hey, I just met you ♥︎
♥︎ and this is crazy ♥︎
♥︎ but here's my number ♥︎
♥︎ so call me maybe ♥︎
Go for it!
Oh, you mean like this?
♥︎ try to change me ♥︎
♥︎ but here's my number ♥︎
♥︎ so call me maybe! ♥︎
There you go, you're a natural!
laaa la laa
You're ready, big guy?
Yeah, I'm like totally to ready.
Everyone in this city gets a shot at being a star.
In our singing competition!
This stage is about to explode
with major piggy power!
♥︎ You humpty, you're really funny looking ♥︎
♥︎ that's alright cause I get things cooking ♥︎
♥︎ come my lady, come come my lady ♥︎
♥︎ you're my butterfly, sugar baby ♥︎
♥︎ oh my gosh! ♥︎
♥︎ look at her but♥︎
♥︎ oh my gosh, look at her ♥︎
Are you okay?
Oh yes, I'm fine. Thank you.
How are you?
If you wanna become stars and wanna 100 grand,
then you better be ready to work harder than you ever worked in your lives!
Aaaah!
Yes, that was very bad!
Where's Johnny?
He's no here!
Where were you?
I was at a rehearsal.
Dad, I don't wanna be in your gang.
I wanna be a singer.
How did i end up with a son like you?
♥︎ music can alter moods ♥︎
♥︎ and talk to you ♥︎
I can sing
but I get so scared.
Come on!
Be confident! Don't you want this?
I'm back!
What is going on here?
♥︎ Seize the moment, try to freeze it and own it ♥︎
♥︎ Squeeze it and hold it ♥︎
♥︎ Cause we consider these minutes golden ♥︎
Don't let fear stop you from doing the thing you love!
You know what's great about hitting rock bottom?
There's only one way left to go
and that's up!
♥︎ sing with me, (sing), sing for the years
(Sing it), sing for the laughter, sing for the tears ♥︎
That's my son!
♥︎ Dream on! Dream on! ♥︎
She's not even that good.
Yeah, yeah, totally.
I can't move!
I am terrified!
Just sing.
♥︎ Aaaaaaah! ♥︎
Oh, I'm sorry, ah.
*Cheering*
Why aren't you rehearsing?
I'm through!
They said I'm an intolerable egomaniac!!
I don't even know what that means!